docs/usage.md: point to bridged networks in-tree (#1450)
matrix-org/matrix-appservice-irc: docs/usage.md

[config.sample.yaml](https://github.com/matrix-org/matrix-appservice-irc/blob/develop/config.sample.yaml) for
instructions on how to change the templates for users and channels.

> Alias and user_id formats can be found from the [list of bridged networks](./bridged_networks.md)

Reviewer: Nit, we prefer MXID

```suggestion
Alias and MXID formats can be found from the [list of bridged networks](./bridged_networks.md)
```
